Add instructions to install font for hyperjs users (#375)
athityakumar/colorls: README.md

    *Note for `iTerm2` users - Please enable the Nerd Font at iTerm2 > Preferences > Profiles > Text > Non-ASCII font > Hack Regular Nerd Font Complete.*

>     *Note for `HyperJS` users - Please add `"Hack Regular Nerd"` Font as an option to `fontFamily` in your `~/.hyper.js` file.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *Note for `HyperJS` users - Please add `"Hack Nerd Font"` as an entry to `fontFamily` in your `~/.hyper.js` file.*
```
Is this OK?

Author: sounds good!
